Feature/121 documentation on structure of repository (#155)
eu-sovereign-cloud/spec: README.md

- Comparison of compliant providers and increased resources using multiple providers
- Directly address the demand of the public sector to have no vendor lock-in

## Repository structure

```
|─ /spec                     # Main specification containing API definitions and related resources

> │   ├── Activitylog.v1.yaml    # API definitions for activity generated by templates
> │   ├── authorization.v1.yaml  # API definitions for storage services generated by templates
> │   ├── compute.v1.yaml        # API definitions for network services generated by templates
> │   ├── loadbalancer.v1.yaml   # API definitions for compute services generated by templates
> │   ├── network.v1.yaml        # API definitions for network services generated by templates
> │   ├── objectstorage.v1.yaml  # API definitions for objectstorage services generated by templates
> │   ├── region.v1.yaml         # API definitions for region services generated by templates
> │   ├── storage.v1.yaml        # API definitions for storage services generated by templates
> │   ├── workspace.v1.yaml      # API definitions for network services generated by templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── <name>.<version>.yaml      # Versioned API definition (added manually or using a template)
```

I think we should use a more general help here.

> |   ├── /schemas                   # JSON Schema definitions that define API data structures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   ├── /schemas                   # JSON Schema definitions that are used by the API specifications
```

> |   ├── /templates                 # Template file (.tpl) used for generating OpenAPI YAMLs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   ├── /templates                 # Template files (.tpl) used for generating OpenAPI YAMLs
```

|   └── /resources                 # Resource definitions for all pages existing in the OpenAPI
│
├─ /website                   # Website of SECA API
│   ├── /docs                   # Documentation of SECA
│   ├── /scripts                # Scripts to generate all files to construct the website
│   ├── /src                    # Contains all resources to be used in the website
│   └── /static                 # Additional files or utilities
│
├─ Makefile                   # Automation script for generating and validating OpenAPI files
├─ /Config                    # Configuration of linter & quality analysis tool
└─ README.md                  # This file
```
### Description

> **OpenAPI**

Reviewer: missing space before and after the header

**/templates:** Holds .tpl (template) files that define reusable components for generating OpenAPI specifications dynamically. Tools like gomplate process these templates to create .yaml files.

**/resources:** Contains all the resource definitions corresponding to different API endpoints, ensuring modular and maintainable API documentation.

**Website**

**/docs:** Contains Markdown documentation files for the API, used by Docusaurus to generate pages.

**/scripts:** Utility scripts to help manage and deploy the documentation site.

**/src:** The source code for the website, including React components and page layouts.

**/static:** Stores static assets such as images, icons, and other resources.

**docusaurus.config.js:** Configuration file for the Docusaurus site, defining site structure, themes, and plugins.

**package.json:** Manages dependencies and scripts for building the website.

**Other**

**Makefile:** Automates the generation and validation of OpenAPI files, ensuring consistency in documentation and schema definitions.

> **Config** Configuration of linter & quality analysis tool.

Reviewer: I would prefer if you added this doc to the created outline above, having this in two places is hard to use.

Author: what do you suggest? Should I remove this block or move it to another "readme"?

Reviewer: It think to combine the both sections

> ## Generating OpenAPI Files Using Makefile

Reviewer: missing space after the header, intend wrong

 The OpenAPI files will be used in the website.

> ### Requirements

Reviewer: please install a markdown linter as there are many markdown related issues (like missing spaces etc.)

#### `resources`

Contains all the resource definitions corresponding to different API endpoints, ensuring modular and maintainable API documentation.

### `website`

Contains all the resources and tools to build the Website API

#### `docs`

Contains Markdown documentation files for the API, used by Docusaurus to generate pages.

#### `scripts`

Utility scripts to help manage and deploy the documentation site.

#### `src`

The source code for the website, including React components and page layouts.

#### `static`

Stores static assets such as images, icons, and other resources.

#### `docusaurus.config.js`

Configuration file for the Docusaurus site, defining site structure, themes, and plugins.

#### `package.json`

Manages dependencies and scripts for building the website.

### `Makefile`

Automates the generation and validation of OpenAPI files, ensuring consistency in documentation and schema definitions.

### `config`

Configuration of linter & quality analysis tool.

## Generating OpenAPI Files Using Makefile

 The OpenAPI files will be used in the website.

### Prerequisites

- [Go](https://go.dev/doc/install) > 1.24

### Website Setup Instructions

```bash

> #git clone

Author: Yes, if you see the next line, you will see the instruction "git clone https://github.com/eu-sovereign-cloud/spec.git"
But I changed the name to "Clone the repository"

git clone https://github.com/eu-sovereign-cloud/spec.git

cd spec/

# Check your Go version using `go version` and skip the instalation step if it is > 1.24
# Download the specified version of Go.
wget https://go.dev/dl/go1.24.1.linux-amd64.tar.gz

# Add Go binary to PATH
echo 'export PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/go/bin' >> ~/.bashrc
source ~/.bashrc

# Go Version
go version
expected: go version go1.24.1 linux/amd64

# Generate resources api files

> make generate resource-apis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make resource-apis
```
